{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1671\cocoasubrtf600
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red57\green57\blue57;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c28627\c28627\c28627;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs26 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
There is no Sort by Name.. So you can't sort them in order. The first one is Sort by "Kind" There needed to be name added.. and a A-Z so it can sorted. \
\
Also I added a share point into the search locations and it doesn't search that location.. Once I added the sharepoint it placed it into the top section. But clicking on it or searching provides 0 results. It doesn't even look like it it trying to search. \
It did however add the other connected drives and they are searchable. \
\
The app is now called iSearch. So change the app name in the code and anywhere else, like main code pages etc. \
\
You can put the A-Z sorting right above the first search results.\
\
You also didn't put a way to remove a location from the search list...\
\
\
\
\
Sort these results by name also so they can do the grouping A-Z, Z-A from these\
Yes put that in preferences. That is a place I want to add more options for other stuff planned later. \
You can add a SMB sharepoint or this is where we should connect you up to the dev machine here in the office for you to test.\
\
Also - The app is crashing allot if I leave it open.. Like it is constantly caching results or looking to search again. There has to be something we can do to pause it from constantly searching once it is open or Put memory into virtual storage so it doesn't put it in ram to and cause the app to crash.\
\
1. Renamed product to 'iSearch' everywhere .\
2. Added option to sort by A-Z or Z-A .\
3. Added option to group by none, to get all sorted results in a single list .\
4. Added option to 'remove' and 'reveal in finder' custom location, Just right click on custom scope names (e.g on some other disk or external disk names.) .\
5. Added preferences for the app .\
6. Added option to add and remove a location from Preference location list .\
7. Added option in preferences to automatically mount unmount a disk in the app for custom scope .\
8. Added option to pause the continuous search in the window toolbar.\
\
\
Appstore Content:\
\
iSearch is build to make file searching easy and convenient. User simply need to select directory or Drive to search within and app will start looking into selected Directory scope instead of general search. Also user can search files on basic of different parameter e.g.type, display name, file content, tag, application type etc. File grouping option is also given to group relevant content on basic of different files attributes. Below are some beautiful features provided by the app:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Bookmark paths to search quickly in a specific Directory\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Quick Sort order for ascending and descending\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
You can search file by name, type, display name, file content, tag, application type\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Quick preview item in right side\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Shows Item's important details like kind, created, modified, last open\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
If you select search by Type and pass some mp3 or mp4 or any other media type, it simply convert app into a basic player, you no more need to look mp3, mp4 in specific folder all at single place.\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Given some basic default bookmark locations, also user can add his custom location to search\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
User can group by files with Last used, Supported apps,  Content size, Date modelled, Date Created, File types\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Option to pause search any time\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Double click to open file with default app\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Right click to see contextual menu for the file to either show in File browser, or open file\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
 Please note: to perform search in specific directory or drive, used need to give file permission to open folder\
}